minor update: update an outdated info (#33416)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/cross_browser_testing/introduction/index.md

Once you've got an idea of the required feature set, and what technologies you will likely build these features with, you should start exploring the target audience — what browsers, devices, etc. will the target audience for this site be using? The client might already have data about this from previous research they've done, e.g. from other websites they own, or from previous versions of the website you are now working on. If not, you will be able to get a good idea by looking at other sources, such as usage stats for competitors, or countries the site will be serving. You can also use a bit of intuition.

> So for example, you might be building an e-commerce site that serves customers in North America. The site should work entirely in the last few versions of the most popular desktop and mobile (iOS, Android) browsers — this should include Chrome (and Opera as it is based on the same rendering engine as Chrome), Firefox, Edge, and Safari.

Reviewer: same..?

```suggestion
So for example, you might be building an e-commerce site that serves customers in North America. The site should work entirely in the last few versions of the most popular desktop and mobile (iOS, Android) browsers — this should include Chrome (and Edge, Opera as it is based on the same rendering engine as Chrome), Firefox, and Safari.
```

Author: ```suggestion
So for example, you might be building an e-commerce site that serves customers in North America. The site should work entirely in the last few versions of the most popular desktop and mobile (iOS, Android) browsers — this should include Chrome (and Edge, Opera as they are based on the same rendering engine as Chrome), Firefox, and Safari.
```

Author: Then we need to use 'they are', rather than 'it is' 😂

> So for example, you might be building an e-commerce site that serves customers in North America. The site should work entirely in the last few versions of the most popular desktop and mobile (iOS, Android) browsers — this should include Chrome (and Edge, Opera as they are based on the same rendering engine as Chrome), Firefox, and Safari.

Author: ```suggestion
So for example, you might be building an e-commerce site that serves customers in North America. The site should work entirely in the last few versions of the most popular desktop and mobile browsers — this should include Chrome (and Edge, Opera as they are based on the same rendering engine as Chrome), Firefox, and Safari.
```

I don't see any reason to include "(iOS, Android)" in the sentence, as these two OSes are very well known now. 🤔

Reviewer: yes..the guide must be written decades ago(windows phone Final release: 8.1 Update 2 (8.10.15148.160) / June 2, 2015; 8 years ago...)

Reviewer 2: I think the suggestions here are reasonable, please wait for the review from `content` team after applying all suggestions. As I'm mainly responsible for the review of translated content (l10n-zh).

Reviewer 3: @PassionPenguin @yin1999 Thanks you two - makes perfect sense.
